If your reading this, im probably gone.. Or left my house in search for a happier life. its just.. my life has been kinda terrible lately.

Ill describe additional details i've not said. 
My name is [[REDACTED]].
Im 13. 
Currently living in a house with my mom and dad and my second dog.

My Dad Drinks Wine every day and is drunk. 
he often calls me or my mom taunting names.
he thinks i cant try hard enough even though i'm trying my best.
he currently owns a spa, soon to own an resturant too. ill be leaving this house within 5, 10 days. or never.
depending on my father's actions. He always insults me whenever i accidently answer incorrectly to one of his questions.
Even the tiniest mistakes end up getting me hurt or something else, 
he pushes me to my literal limits where even i start crying. he always sets the speed to 10 whenever im doing my treadmill exercise. 
he even killed my dog one time. and the worst part. i cant stay productive. i just..
feel lazy all of the sudden. i cant help it. i've got beaten up so many times for this.
but i cant stop. its all because of the virus..
we used to have offline classes and i felt so happy. i always thought what would happen every next class. we even did some arts and crafts
i would show to my parents. but in 2020.. it just went downhill. well. i have only a few things to say. 
i just want a spark of happiness and light on my final moments. but if i cant.. get myself to do it.. then this nightmare for me will never end. thank you for taking your time to read.

If i cant be happy. who else can?

Thank you.

UPDATE AS OF 29/10/2022-]]

Thank you for the immense support ever since this happened. I have very good news. My dad recently fell into a Bike accident and broke his arm a bit that it started bleeding. (Feel bad for him though.)
He told me one thing. "I Deserved this. I was so drunk, I called people when driving with my bike, Didnt care about some traffic and went all fast, The doctor said it'll take 1 month for the injuries to recover.
                       I have always been an terrible dad, Your mom and I went into fights because i was drunk every so often, After my injuries get fixed, We'll return back to normal.
                       We'll exercise together like you told me to and live a happy life."

I will always be thankful for supporting me to the end, Even if life went up and down, Thats just how life is. I just realized. Its like a fragile glass bottle, If you push yourself
too much, That glass of yours will shatter, you will fall in a long depression, But still. You can call Others, Like i did before, I feel MUCH more comfortable, Thank you.
